CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Marionette has a few very specific guidelines in addition 
to some of the standard guidelines that Github and open 
source projects in general recommend. These guidelines 
are here to facilitate your contribution and streamline 
the process of getting the changes merged in and released.

If you don't follow these guidelines, we'll still work 
with you to get the changes in. Any contribution you can 
make will help tremendously. Following these guidelines 
will help to streamline the pull request and change 
submission process.

## Documentation Fixes

If you notice any problems with any documentation, please 
fix it and we'll get it merged as soon as we can. For 
small things like typos and grammar (which we know I'm 
terrible with), just click the "Edit this file" button 
and send in the pull request for the fix. For larger 
changes and big swaths of documentation changes, a regular 
pull request as outlined below is more appropriate.

## Pull Requests

See [Github's documentation for pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Pull requests are by far the best way to contribute to 
Marionette. Any time you can send us a pull request with 
the changes that you want, we will have an easier time 
seeing what you are trying to do. But a pull request in 
itself is not usually sufficient. There needs to be some 
context and purpose with it, and it should be done 
against specific branch.

## General Submission Guidelines

These guidelines are generally applicable whether or not 
you are submitting a bug or a pull request. Please try to
include as much of this information as possible with any
submission.

### Version Numbers

In order to best help out with bugs, we need to know the
following information in your bug submission:

* Backbone version #
* Underscore version #
* jQuery version #
* Marionette version #
* Operating System / version #
* Browser and version #

Including this information in a submission will help
us to test the problem and ensure that the bug is
both reproduced and corrected on the platforms / versions
that you are having issues with.

### Provide A Meaningful Description

It doesn't matter how beautiful and "obvious" your fix is. 
We have 10,000,000,000 things floating around the project
at any given moment and we will not immediately understand 
why you are making changes.

Given that, it is very important to provide a meaningful 
description with your pull requests that alter any code. 
A good format for these descriptions will include three things:

1. Why: The problem you are facing (in as much detail as is 
necessary to describe the problem to someone who doesn't 
know anything about the system you're building)

2. What: A summary of the proposed solution

3. How: A description of how this solution solves the problem, 
in more detail than item #2

4. Any additional discussion on possible problems this might 
introduce, questions that you have related to the changes, etc.

Without at least the first 2 items in this list, we won't 
have any clue why you're changing the code. The first thing 
we'll ask, then, is that you add that information.

### Create A Topic Branch For Your Work

The work you are doing for your pull request should not be 
done in the master branch of your forked repository. Create 
a topic branch for your work. This allows you to isolate 
the work you are doing from other changes that may be happening.

Github is a smart system, too. If you submit a pull request 
from a topic branch and we ask you to fix something, pushing 
a change to your topic branch will automatically update the 
pull request. 

### Isolate Your Changes For The Pull Request

See the previous item on creating a topic branch.

If you don't use a topic branch, we may ask you to re-do your 
pull request on a topic branch. If your pull request contains 
commits or other changes that are not related to the pull 
request, we will ask you to re-do your pull request.

### Submit Specs With Your Pull Request

Whenever possible, submit the specs (unit tests) that 
correspond to your pull request. 

I would rather see a pull request that is nothing but a 
failing spec, than see a large change made to the real 
code with no test to support the change.

In fact...

## Submit A Failing Spec If You Don't Know How To Fix The Problem

If you are stuck in a scenario that fails in your app, 
but you don't know how to fix it, submit a failing spec 
to show the failing scenario. Follow the guidelines for 
pull request submission, but don't worry about fixing the 
problem. A failing spec to show that a problem exists is 
a very very very helpful pull request for us.

We'll even accept a failing test pasted in to the ticket 
description instead of a pull request. That would at 
least get us started on creating the failing test in the code.

## Don't Be A Troll

It is very sad that we need to include this section of 
the contribution guidelines...

If you are running in to a scenario with a problem, don't 
be a troll. Comment like "does marionette even have tests?" 
are not useful, funny or constructive. In fact, it may get 
you blocked and reported for abuse to Github. 

Submit a useful comment describing the scenario that is 
having an issue. Show us a failing test. Show us some 
code that is not behaving the way the documentation says 
it should. Be useful and work with us to fix the problem.

We're all for criticism and tearing apart Marionette for 
the problems it has. Do it in a constructive and helpful 
manner: "There isn't a test for this scenario. Here's a 
rough idea for one that shows the problem." Tell us why 
you don't like Marionette. Tell us that someone else is 
building something better and why that other thing fits 
your scenario and needs better than Marionette does. Just 
do it in a manner that allows us to learn from your 
experiences, instead of reacting to you being a troll 
(likely causing us to get defensive and miss an opportunity 
to learn something).

Commit message:

Add notes about coding conventions, EditorConfig and using CoffeeScript in examples

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Marionette has a few very specific guidelines in addition 
to some of the standard guidelines that Github and open 
source projects in general recommend. These guidelines 
are here to facilitate your contribution and streamline 
the process of getting the changes merged in and released.

If you don't follow these guidelines, we'll still work 
with you to get the changes in. Any contribution you can 
make will help tremendously. Following these guidelines 
will help to streamline the pull request and change 
submission process.

## Documentation Fixes

If you notice any problems with any documentation, please 
fix it and we'll get it merged as soon as we can. For 
small things like typos and grammar (which we know I'm 
terrible with), just click the "Edit this file" button 
and send in the pull request for the fix. For larger 
changes and big swaths of documentation changes, a regular 
pull request as outlined below is more appropriate.

## Pull Requests

See [Github's documentation for pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests).

Pull requests are by far the best way to contribute to 
Marionette. Any time you can send us a pull request with 
the changes that you want, we will have an easier time 
seeing what you are trying to do. But a pull request in 
itself is not usually sufficient. There needs to be some 
context and purpose with it, and it should be done 
against specific branch.

Try and stick to Marionette's existing coding conventions
(just use the file your editing as a guideline).
Installing the appropriate [EditorConfig plugin](http://editorconfig.org/#download)
for your code editor will help with this.

## General Submission Guidelines

These guidelines are generally applicable whether or not 
you are submitting a bug or a pull request. Please try to
include as much of this information as possible with any
submission.

### Version Numbers

In order to best help out with bugs, we need to know the
following information in your bug submission:

* Backbone version #
* Underscore version #
* jQuery version #
* Marionette version #
* Operating System / version #
* Browser and version #

Including this information in a submission will help
us to test the problem and ensure that the bug is
both reproduced and corrected on the platforms / versions
that you are having issues with.

### Provide A Meaningful Description

It doesn't matter how beautiful and "obvious" your fix is. 
We have 10,000,000,000 things floating around the project
at any given moment and we will not immediately understand 
why you are making changes.

Given that, it is very important to provide a meaningful 
description with your pull requests that alter any code. 
A good format for these descriptions will include three things:

1. Why: The problem you are facing (in as much detail as is 
necessary to describe the problem to someone who doesn't 
know anything about the system you're building)

2. What: A summary of the proposed solution

3. How: A description of how this solution solves the problem, 
in more detail than item #2

4. Any additional discussion on possible problems this might 
introduce, questions that you have related to the changes, etc.

Without at least the first 2 items in this list, we won't 
have any clue why you're changing the code. The first thing 
we'll ask, then, is that you add that information.

Please refrain from giving code examples in altJS langauges like
CoffeeScript, etc. Marionette is written in plain-old JavaScript
and is generally easier all members in the community to read.

### Create A Topic Branch For Your Work

The work you are doing for your pull request should not be 
done in the master branch of your forked repository. Create 
a topic branch for your work. This allows you to isolate 
the work you are doing from other changes that may be happening.

Github is a smart system, too. If you submit a pull request 
from a topic branch and we ask you to fix something, pushing 
a change to your topic branch will automatically update the 
pull request. 

### Isolate Your Changes For The Pull Request

See the previous item on creating a topic branch.

If you don't use a topic branch, we may ask you to re-do your 
pull request on a topic branch. If your pull request contains 
commits or other changes that are not related to the pull 
request, we will ask you to re-do your pull request.

### Submit Specs With Your Pull Request

Whenever possible, submit the specs (unit tests) that 
correspond to your pull request. 

I would rather see a pull request that is nothing but a 
failing spec, than see a large change made to the real 
code with no test to support the change.

In fact...

## Submit A Failing Spec If You Don't Know How To Fix The Problem

If you are stuck in a scenario that fails in your app, 
but you don't know how to fix it, submit a failing spec 
to show the failing scenario. Follow the guidelines for 
pull request submission, but don't worry about fixing the 
problem. A failing spec to show that a problem exists is 
a very very very helpful pull request for us.

We'll even accept a failing test pasted in to the ticket 
description instead of a pull request. That would at 
least get us started on creating the failing test in the code.

## Don't Be A Troll

It is very sad that we need to include this section of 
the contribution guidelines...

If you are running in to a scenario with a problem, don't 
be a troll. Comment like "does marionette even have tests?" 
are not useful, funny or constructive. In fact, it may get 
you blocked and reported for abuse to Github. 

Submit a useful comment describing the scenario that is 
having an issue. Show us a failing test. Show us some 
code that is not behaving the way the documentation says 
it should. Be useful and work with us to fix the problem.

We're all for criticism and tearing apart Marionette for 
the problems it has. Do it in a constructive and helpful 
manner: "There isn't a test for this scenario. Here's a 
rough idea for one that shows the problem." Tell us why 
you don't like Marionette. Tell us that someone else is 
building something better and why that other thing fits 
your scenario and needs better than Marionette does. Just 
do it in a manner that allows us to learn from your 
experiences, instead of reacting to you being a troll 
(likely causing us to get defensive and miss an opportunity 
to learn something).
