docs/marionette.application.module.md, before:

# Marionette.Application.module

Marionette allows you to define a module within your application,
including sub-modules hanging from that module. This is useful for creating 
modular, encapsulated applications that are split apart in to multiple 
files.

Marionette's module allow you to have unlimited sub-modules hanging off
your application, and serve as an event aggregator in themselves.

## Documentation Index

* [Basic Usage](#basic-usage)
* [Starting And Stopping Modules](#starting-and-stopping-modules)
  * [Starting Modules](#starting-modules)
  * [Start Events](#start-events)
  * [Preventing Auto-Start Of Modules](#preventing-auto-start-of-modules)
  * [Starting Sub-Modules With Parent](#starting-sub-modules-with-parent)
  * [Stopping Modules](#stopping-modules)
  * [Stop Events](#stop-events)
* [Defining Sub-Modules With . Notation](#defining-sub-modules-with--notation)
* [Module Definitions](#module-definitions)
  * [Module Initializers](#module-initializers)
  * [Module Finalizers](#module-finalizers)
* [The Module's `this` Argument](#the-modules-this-argument)
* [Custom Arguments](#custom-arguments)
* [Splitting A Module Definition Apart](#splitting-a-module-definition-apart)

## Basic Usage

A module is defined directly from an Application object as the specified
name:

```js
var MyApp = new Backbone.Marionette.Application();

var myModule = MyApp.module("MyModule");

MyApp.MyModule; // => a new Marionette.Application object

myModule === MyApp.MyModule; // => true
```

If you specify the same module name more than once, the
first instance of the module will be retained and a new
instance will not be created.

## Starting And Stopping Modules

Modules can be started and stopped independently of the application and
of each other. This allows them to be loaded asynchronously, and also allows
them to be shut down when they are no longer needed. This also facilitates
easier unit testing of modules in isolation as you can start only the
module that you need in your tests.

### Starting Modules

Starting a module is done in one of two ways:

1. Automatically with the parent module (or Application) `.start()` method
2. Manually call the `.start()` method on the module

In this example, the module will be started automatically with the parent
application object's `start` call:

```js
MyApp = new Backbone.Marionette.Application();

MyApp.module("Foo", function(){

  // module code goes here

});

MyApp.start();
```

Note that modules loaded and defined after the `app.start()` call will still
be started automatically.

### Start Events

When starting a module, a "before:start" event will be triggered prior
to any of the initializers being run. A "start" event will then be 
triggered after they have been run.

```js
var mod = MyApp.module("MyMod");

mod.on("before:start", function(){
  // do stuff before the module is started
});

mod.on("start", function(){
  // do stuff after the module has been started
});
```

### Preventing Auto-Start Of Modules

If you wish to manually start a module instead of having the application
start it, you can tell the module definition not to start with the parent:

```js
var fooModule = MyApp.module("Foo", function(){

  // prevent starting with parent
  this.startWithParent = false;

  // ... module code goes here
});

// start the app without starting the module
MyApp.start();

// later, start the module
fooModule.start();
```

Note the use of an object literal instead of just a function to define
the module, and the presence of the `startWithParent` attribute, to tell it
not to start with the application. Then to start the module, the module's 
`start` method is manually called.

You can also grab a reference to the module at a later point in time, to
start it:

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(){
  this.startWithParent = false;
});

// start the module by getting a reference to it first
MyApp.module("Foo").start();
```

#### Deprecation of `startWithParent: false` setting

Please note that the old syntax of using an object literal is
now deprecated:

```js
var fooModule = MyApp.module("Foo", {
  startWithParent: false,

  define: function(){
    // module code goes here
  }
});
```

This functionality will remain in tact for a while, but will be
removed in favor of `this.startWithParent = false` for the final
v1.0 release.

### Starting Sub-Modules With Parent

Starting of sub-modules is done in a depth-first hierarchy traversal. 
That is, a hierarchy of `Foo.Bar.Baz` will start `Baz` first, then `Bar`,
and finally `Foo.

Submodules default to starting with their parent module. 

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(){...});
MyApp.module("Foo.Bar", function(){...});

MyApp.start();
```

In this example, the "Foo.Bar" module will be started with the call to
`MyApp.start()` because the parent module, "Foo" is set to start
with the app.

A sub-module can override this behavior by setting it's `startWithParent`
to false. This prevents it from being started by the parent's `start` call.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(){...});

MyApp.module("Foo.Bar", function(){
  this.startWithParent = false;
})

MyApp.start(); 
```

Now the module "Foo" will be started, but the sub-module "Foo.Bar" will
not be started.

A sub-module can still be started manually, with this configuration:

```js
MyApp.module("Foo.Bar").start();
```

### Stopping Modules

A module can be stopped, or shut down, to clear memory and resources when
the module is no longer needed. Like starting of modules, stopping is done
in a depth-first hierarchy traversal. That is, a hierarchy of modules like
`Foo.Bar.Baz` will stop `Baz` first, then `Bar`, and finally `Foo`.

To stop a module and it's children, call the `stop()` method of a module.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo").stop();
```

Modules are not automatically stopped by the application. If you wish to 
stop one, you must call the `stop` method on it. The exception to this is
that stopping a parent module will stop all of it's sub-modules.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo.Bar.Baz");

MyApp.module("Foo").stop();
```

This call to `stop` causes the `Bar` and `Baz` modules to both be stopped
as they are sub-modules of `Foo`. For more information on defining
sub-modules, see the section "Defining Sub-Modules With . Notation".

### Stop Events

When stopping a module, a "before:stop" event will be triggered prior
to any of the finalizers being run. A "stop" event will then be triggered
after they have been run.

```js
var mod = MyApp.module("MyMod");

mod.on("before:stop", function(){
  // do stuff before the module is stopped
});

mod.on("stop", function(){
  // do stuff after the module has been stopped
});
```

## Defining Sub-Modules With . Notation

Sub-modules or child modules can be defined as a hierarchy of modules and 
sub-modules all at once:

```js
MyApp.module("Parent.Child.GrandChild");

MyApp.Parent; // => a valid module object
MyApp.Parent.Child; // => a valid module object
MyApp.Parent.Child.GrandChild; // => a valid module object
```

When defining sub-modules using the dot-notation, the 
parent modules do not need to exist. They will be created
for you if they don't exist. If they do exist, though, the
existing module will be used instead of creating a new one.

## Module Definitions

You can specify a callback function to provide a definition
for the module. Module definitions are invoked immediately
on calling `module` method. 

The module definition callback will receive 6 parameters:

* The module itself
* The Parent module, or Application object that `.module` was called from
* Backbone
* Backbone.Marionette
* jQuery
* Underscore
* Any custom arguments

You can add functions and data directly to your module to make
them publicly accessible. You can also add private functions
and data by using locally scoped variables.

```js
MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule, MyApp, Backbone, Marionette, $, _){

  // Private Data And Functions
  // --------------------------

  var myData = "this is private data";
 
  var myFunction = function(){
    console.log(myData);
  }


  // Public Data And Functions
  // -------------------------

  MyModule.someData = "public data";

  MyModule.someFunction = function(){
    console.log(MyModule.someData);
  }
});

console.log(MyApp.MyModule.someData); //=> public data
MyApp.MyModule.someFunction(); //=> public data
```

### Module Initializers

Modules have initializers, similarly to `Application` objects. A module's
initializers are run when the module is started.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(Foo){

  Foo.addInitializer(function(){
    // initialize and start the module's running code, here.
  });

});
```

Any way of starting this module will cause it's initializers to run. You
can have as many initializers for a module as you wish.

### Module Finalizers

Modules also have finalizers that are run when a module is stopped.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(Foo){

  Foo.addFinalizer(function(){
    // tear down, shut down and clean up the module, here
  });

});
```

Calling the `stop` method on the module will run all that module's 
finalizers. A module can have as many finalizers as you wish.

## The Module's `this` Argument

The module's `this` argument is set to the module itself.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(Foo){
  this === Foo; //=> true
});
```

## Custom Arguments

You can provide any number of custom arguments to your module, after the
module definition function. This will allow you to import 3rd party
libraries, and other resources that you want to have locally scoped to
your module.

```js
MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule, MyApp, Backbone, Marionette, $, _, Lib1, Lib2, LibEtc){

  // Lib1 === LibraryNumber1;
  // Lib2 === LibraryNumber2;
  // LibEtc === LibraryNumberEtc;

}, LibraryNumber1, LibraryNumber2, LibraryNumberEtc);
```

## Splitting A Module Definition Apart

Sometimes a module gets to be too long for a single file. In
this case, you can split a module definition across multiple
files:

```js
MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule){
  MyModule.definition1 = true;
});

MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule){
  MyModule.definition2 = true;
});

MyApp.MyModule.definition1; //=> true
MyApp.MyModule.definition2; //=> true
```

Commit message:

finished converting specs and code over to new startWithParent option, and still allowing the startWithParent object literal, though the docs suggest limited use for it now

docs/marionette.application.module.md, after:

# Marionette.Application.module

Marionette allows you to define a module within your application,
including sub-modules hanging from that module. This is useful for creating 
modular, encapsulated applications that are split apart in to multiple 
files.

Marionette's module allow you to have unlimited sub-modules hanging off
your application, and serve as an event aggregator in themselves.

## Documentation Index

* [Basic Usage](#basic-usage)
* [Starting And Stopping Modules](#starting-and-stopping-modules)
  * [Starting Modules](#starting-modules)
  * [Start Events](#start-events)
  * [Preventing Auto-Start Of Modules](#preventing-auto-start-of-modules)
  * [Starting Sub-Modules With Parent](#starting-sub-modules-with-parent)
  * [Stopping Modules](#stopping-modules)
  * [Stop Events](#stop-events)
* [Defining Sub-Modules With . Notation](#defining-sub-modules-with--notation)
* [Module Definitions](#module-definitions)
  * [Module Initializers](#module-initializers)
  * [Module Finalizers](#module-finalizers)
* [The Module's `this` Argument](#the-modules-this-argument)
* [Custom Arguments](#custom-arguments)
* [Splitting A Module Definition Apart](#splitting-a-module-definition-apart)

## Basic Usage

A module is defined directly from an Application object as the specified
name:

```js
var MyApp = new Backbone.Marionette.Application();

var myModule = MyApp.module("MyModule");

MyApp.MyModule; // => a new Marionette.Application object

myModule === MyApp.MyModule; // => true
```

If you specify the same module name more than once, the
first instance of the module will be retained and a new
instance will not be created.

## Starting And Stopping Modules

Modules can be started and stopped independently of the application and
of each other. This allows them to be loaded asynchronously, and also allows
them to be shut down when they are no longer needed. This also facilitates
easier unit testing of modules in isolation as you can start only the
module that you need in your tests.

### Starting Modules

Starting a module is done in one of two ways:

1. Automatically with the parent module (or Application) `.start()` method
2. Manually call the `.start()` method on the module

In this example, the module will be started automatically with the parent
application object's `start` call:

```js
MyApp = new Backbone.Marionette.Application();

MyApp.module("Foo", function(){

  // module code goes here

});

MyApp.start();
```

Note that modules loaded and defined after the `app.start()` call will still
be started automatically.

### Start Events

When starting a module, a "before:start" event will be triggered prior
to any of the initializers being run. A "start" event will then be 
triggered after they have been run.

```js
var mod = MyApp.module("MyMod");

mod.on("before:start", function(){
  // do stuff before the module is started
});

mod.on("start", function(){
  // do stuff after the module has been started
});
```

### Preventing Auto-Start Of Modules

If you wish to manually start a module instead of having the application
start it, you can tell the module definition not to start with the parent:

```js
var fooModule = MyApp.module("Foo", function(){

  // prevent starting with parent
  this.startWithParent = false;

  // ... module code goes here
});

// start the app without starting the module
MyApp.start();

// later, start the module
fooModule.start();
```

Note the use of an object literal instead of just a function to define
the module, and the presence of the `startWithParent` attribute, to tell it
not to start with the application. Then to start the module, the module's 
`start` method is manually called.

You can also grab a reference to the module at a later point in time, to
start it:

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(){
  this.startWithParent = false;
});

// start the module by getting a reference to it first
MyApp.module("Foo").start();
```

#### Specifying `startWithParent: false` setting as an object literal

There is a second way of specifying `startWithParent` in a `.module`
call, using an object literal:

```js
var fooModule = MyApp.module("Foo", { startWithParent: false });
```

This is most useful when defining a module across multiple files and
using a single definition to specify the `startWithParent` option.

If you wish to combine the `startWithparent` object literal
with a module definition, you can include a `define` attribute on
the object literal, set to the module function:

```js
var fooModule = MyApp.module("Foo", {
  startWithParent: false,

  define: function(){
    // module code goes here
  }
});
```

### Starting Sub-Modules With Parent

Starting of sub-modules is done in a depth-first hierarchy traversal. 
That is, a hierarchy of `Foo.Bar.Baz` will start `Baz` first, then `Bar`,
and finally `Foo.

Submodules default to starting with their parent module. 

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(){...});
MyApp.module("Foo.Bar", function(){...});

MyApp.start();
```

In this example, the "Foo.Bar" module will be started with the call to
`MyApp.start()` because the parent module, "Foo" is set to start
with the app.

A sub-module can override this behavior by setting it's `startWithParent`
to false. This prevents it from being started by the parent's `start` call.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(){...});

MyApp.module("Foo.Bar", function(){
  this.startWithParent = false;
})

MyApp.start(); 
```

Now the module "Foo" will be started, but the sub-module "Foo.Bar" will
not be started.

A sub-module can still be started manually, with this configuration:

```js
MyApp.module("Foo.Bar").start();
```

### Stopping Modules

A module can be stopped, or shut down, to clear memory and resources when
the module is no longer needed. Like starting of modules, stopping is done
in a depth-first hierarchy traversal. That is, a hierarchy of modules like
`Foo.Bar.Baz` will stop `Baz` first, then `Bar`, and finally `Foo`.

To stop a module and it's children, call the `stop()` method of a module.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo").stop();
```

Modules are not automatically stopped by the application. If you wish to 
stop one, you must call the `stop` method on it. The exception to this is
that stopping a parent module will stop all of it's sub-modules.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo.Bar.Baz");

MyApp.module("Foo").stop();
```

This call to `stop` causes the `Bar` and `Baz` modules to both be stopped
as they are sub-modules of `Foo`. For more information on defining
sub-modules, see the section "Defining Sub-Modules With . Notation".

### Stop Events

When stopping a module, a "before:stop" event will be triggered prior
to any of the finalizers being run. A "stop" event will then be triggered
after they have been run.

```js
var mod = MyApp.module("MyMod");

mod.on("before:stop", function(){
  // do stuff before the module is stopped
});

mod.on("stop", function(){
  // do stuff after the module has been stopped
});
```

## Defining Sub-Modules With . Notation

Sub-modules or child modules can be defined as a hierarchy of modules and 
sub-modules all at once:

```js
MyApp.module("Parent.Child.GrandChild");

MyApp.Parent; // => a valid module object
MyApp.Parent.Child; // => a valid module object
MyApp.Parent.Child.GrandChild; // => a valid module object
```

When defining sub-modules using the dot-notation, the 
parent modules do not need to exist. They will be created
for you if they don't exist. If they do exist, though, the
existing module will be used instead of creating a new one.

## Module Definitions

You can specify a callback function to provide a definition
for the module. Module definitions are invoked immediately
on calling `module` method. 

The module definition callback will receive 6 parameters:

* The module itself
* The Parent module, or Application object that `.module` was called from
* Backbone
* Backbone.Marionette
* jQuery
* Underscore
* Any custom arguments

You can add functions and data directly to your module to make
them publicly accessible. You can also add private functions
and data by using locally scoped variables.

```js
MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule, MyApp, Backbone, Marionette, $, _){

  // Private Data And Functions
  // --------------------------

  var myData = "this is private data";
 
  var myFunction = function(){
    console.log(myData);
  }


  // Public Data And Functions
  // -------------------------

  MyModule.someData = "public data";

  MyModule.someFunction = function(){
    console.log(MyModule.someData);
  }
});

console.log(MyApp.MyModule.someData); //=> public data
MyApp.MyModule.someFunction(); //=> public data
```

### Module Initializers

Modules have initializers, similarly to `Application` objects. A module's
initializers are run when the module is started.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(Foo){

  Foo.addInitializer(function(){
    // initialize and start the module's running code, here.
  });

});
```

Any way of starting this module will cause it's initializers to run. You
can have as many initializers for a module as you wish.

### Module Finalizers

Modules also have finalizers that are run when a module is stopped.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(Foo){

  Foo.addFinalizer(function(){
    // tear down, shut down and clean up the module, here
  });

});
```

Calling the `stop` method on the module will run all that module's 
finalizers. A module can have as many finalizers as you wish.

## The Module's `this` Argument

The module's `this` argument is set to the module itself.

```js
MyApp.module("Foo", function(Foo){
  this === Foo; //=> true
});
```

## Custom Arguments

You can provide any number of custom arguments to your module, after the
module definition function. This will allow you to import 3rd party
libraries, and other resources that you want to have locally scoped to
your module.

```js
MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule, MyApp, Backbone, Marionette, $, _, Lib1, Lib2, LibEtc){

  // Lib1 === LibraryNumber1;
  // Lib2 === LibraryNumber2;
  // LibEtc === LibraryNumberEtc;

}, LibraryNumber1, LibraryNumber2, LibraryNumberEtc);
```

## Splitting A Module Definition Apart

Sometimes a module gets to be too long for a single file. In
this case, you can split a module definition across multiple
files:

```js
MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule){
  MyModule.definition1 = true;
});

MyApp.module("MyModule", function(MyModule){
  MyModule.definition2 = true;
});

MyApp.MyModule.definition1; //=> true
MyApp.MyModule.definition2; //=> true
```
