docs/marionette.view.md, before:

# Marionette.View

Marionette has a base `Marionette.View` type that other views extend from.
This base view provides some common and core functionality for
other views to take advantage of.

**Note:** The `Marionette.View` type is not intended to be 
used directly. It exists as a base view for other view types
to be extended from, and to provide a common location for
behaviors that are shared across all views.

## Documentation Index

* [Binding To View Events](#binding-to-view-events)
* [View close](#view-close)
* [View onBeforeClose](#view-onbeforeclose)
* [View "dom:refresh" / onDomRefresh event](#view-domrefresh--ondomrefresh-event)
* [View.triggers](#viewtriggers)
* [View.modelEvents and View.collectionEvents](#viewmodelevents-and-viewcollectionevents)
* [View.serializeData](#viewserializedata)
* [View.bindUIElements](#viewbinduielements)
* [View.templateHelpers](#viewtemplatehelpers)
  * [Basic Example](#basic-example)
  * [Accessing Data Within The Helpers](#accessing-data-within-the-helpers)
  * [Object Or Function As `templateHelpers`](#object-or-function-as-templatehelpers)
* [Change Which Template Is Rendered For A View](#change-which-template-is-rendered-for-a-view)

## Binding To View Events

Marionette.View extends `Marionette.BindTo`. It is recommended that you use
the `listenTo` method to bind model, collection, or other events from Backbone
and Marionette objects.

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  initialize: function(){
    this.listenTo(this.model, "change:foo", this.modelChanged);
    this.listenTo(this.collection, "add", this.modelAdded);
  },

  modelChanged: function(model, value){
  },

  modelAdded: function(model){
  }
});
```

The context (`this`) will automatically be set to the view. You can
optionally set the context by passing in the context object as the
4th parameter of `listenTo`.

## View close

View implements a `close` method, which is called by the region
managers automatically. As part of the implementation, the following
are performed:

* unbind all `listenTo` events
* unbind all custom view events
* unbind all DOM events
* remove `this.el` from the DOM
* call an `onBeforeClose` event on the view, if one is provided
* call an `onClose` event on the view, if one is provided

By providing an `onClose` event in your view definition, you can
run custom code for your view that is fired after your view has been
closed and cleaned up. This lets you handle any additional clean up
code without having to override the `close` method.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  onClose: function(){
    // custom cleanup or closing code, here
  }
});
```

## View onBeforeClose

When closing a view, an `onBeforeClose` method will be called, if it
has been provided. If this method returns `false`, the view will not
be closed. Any other return value (including null or undefined) will
allow the view to be closed.

```js
MyView = Marionette.View.extend({

  onBeforeClose: function(){
    // prevent the view from being closed
    return false;
  }

});

var v = new MyView();

v.close(); // view will remain open
```

### View "dom:refresh" / onDomRefresh event

Triggered after the view has been rendered, has been shown in the DOM via a Marionette.Region, and has been
re-rendered.

This event / callback is useful for 
[DOM-dependent UI plugins](http://lostechies.com/derickbailey/2012/02/20/using-jquery-plugins-and-ui-controls-with-backbone/) such as 
[jQueryUI](http://jqueryui.com/) or [KendoUI](http://kendoui.com).

```js
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  onDomRefresh: function(){
    // manipulate the `el` here. it's already
    // been rendered, and is full of the view's
    // HTML, ready to go.
  }
});
```

For more information about integration Marionette w/ KendoUI (also applicable to jQueryUI and other UI
widget suites), see [this blog post on KendoUI + Backbone](http://www.kendoui.com/blogs/teamblog/posts/12-11-26/backbone_and_kendo_ui_a_beautiful_combination.aspx).

## View.triggers

Views can define a set of `triggers` as a hash, which will 
convert a DOM event in to a `view.trigger` event.

The left side of the hash is a standard Backbone.View DOM
event configuration, while the right side of the hash is the
view event that you want to trigger from the view.

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  // ...

  triggers: {
    "click .do-something": "something:do:it"
  }
});

view = new MyView();
view.render();

view.on("something:do:it", function(){
  alert("I DID IT!");
});

// "click" the 'do-something' DOM element to 
// demonstrate the DOM event conversion
view.$(".do-something").trigger("click");
```

The result of this is an alert box that says, "I DID IT!"

You can also specify the `triggers` as a function that 
returns a hash of trigger configurations

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({
  triggers: function(){
    return {
      "click .that-thing": "that:i:sent:you"
    };
  }
});
```

Triggers work with all View types that extend from the base
Marionette.View.

## View.modelEvents and View.collectionEvents

Similar to the `events` hash, views can specify a configuration
hash for collections and models. The left side is the event on
the model or collection, and the right side is the name of the
method on the view.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: {
    "change:name": "nameChanged" // equivalent to view.listenTo(view.model, "change:name", view.nameChanged, view)
  },

  collectionEvents: {
    "add": "itemAdded" // equivalent to view.listenTo(view.collection, "add", collection.itemAdded, view)
  },

  // ... event handler methods
  nameChanged: function(){ /* ... */ },
  itemAdded: function(){ /* ... */ },

})
```

These will use the memory safe `listenTo`, and will set the context
(the value of `this`) in the handler to be the view. Events are
bound at the time of instantiation instanciation, and an exception will be thrown
if the handlers on the view do not exist.

### Multiple Callbacks

Multiple callback functions can be specified by separating them with a
space. 

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: {
    "change:name": "nameChanged thatThing"
  },

  nameChanged: function(){ },

  thatThing: function(){ },
});
```

This works in both `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents`.

### Callbacks As Function

A single function can be declared directly in-line instead of specifying a
callback via a string method name.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: {
    "change:name": function(){
      // handle the name changed event here
    }
  }

});
```

This works for both `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents`.

### Event Configuration As Function

A function can be used to declare the event configuration, as long as
that function returns a hash that fits the above configuration options.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: function(){
    return { "change:name": "someFunc" };
  }

});
```

This works for both `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents`.

## View.serializeData

The `serializeData` method will serialize a view's model or
collection - with precedence given to collections. That is,
if you have both a collection and a model in a view, calling
the `serializeData` method will return the serialized
collection.

## View.bindUIElements

In several cases you need to access ui elements inside the view
to retrieve their data or manipulate them. For example you have a
certain div element you need to show/hide based on some state,
or other ui element that you wish to set a css class to it.
Instead of having jQuery selectors hanging around in the view's code
you can define a `ui` hash that contains a mapping between the
ui element's name and its jQuery selector. Afterwards you can simply
access it via `this.ui.elementName`.
See ItemView documentation for examples.

This functionality is provided via the `bindUIElements` method.
Since View doesn't implement the render method, then if you directly extend
from View you will need to invoke this method from your render method.
In ItemView and CompositeView this is already taken care of.

## View.templateHelpers

There are times when a view's template needs to have some
logic in it, and the view engine itself will not provide an
easy way to accomplish this. For example, Underscore templates
do not provide a helper method mechanism while Handlebars
templates do.

A `templateHelpers` attribute can be applied to any View object that
renders a template. When this attribute is present, it's contents 
will be mixed in to the data object that comes back from the 
`serializeData` method. This will allow you to create helper methods 
that can be called from within your templates.

### Basic Example

```html
<script id="my-template" type="text/html">
  I think that <%= showMessage() %>
</script>
```

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  template: "#my-template",

  templateHelpers: {
    showMessage: function(){
      return this.name + " is the coolest!"
    }
  }

});

model = new Backbone.Model({name: "Backbone.Marionette"});
view = new MyView({
  model: model
});

view.render(); //=> "I think that Backbone.Marionette is the coolest!";
```

### Accessing Data Within The Helpers

In order to access data from within the helper methods, you
need to prefix the data you need with `this`. Doing that will
give you all of the methods and attributes of the serialized
data object, including the other helper methods.

```js
templateHelpers: {
  something: function(){
    return "Do stuff with " + this.name + " because it's awesome.";
  }
}
```

### Object Or Function As `templateHelpers`

You can specify an object literal (as shown above), a reference
to an object literal, or a function as the `templateHelpers`. 

If you specify a function, the function will be invoked 
with the current view instance as the context of the 
function. The function must return an object that can be
mixed in to the data for the view.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  templateHelpers: function(){
    return {
      foo: function(){ /* ... */ }
    }
  }
});
```

## Change Which Template Is Rendered For A View

There may be some cases where you need to change the template that is
used for a view, based on some simple logic such as the value of a
specific attribute in the view's model. To do this, you can provide
a `getTemplate` function on your views and use this to return the
template that you need.

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  getTemplate: function(){
    if (this.model.get("foo")){
      return "#some-template";
    } else {
      return "#a-different-template";
    }
  }
});
```

This applies to all view types.

Commit message:

de-lint, build and change log for model and collection events in a view

docs/marionette.view.md, after:

# Marionette.View

Marionette has a base `Marionette.View` type that other views extend from.
This base view provides some common and core functionality for
other views to take advantage of.

**Note:** The `Marionette.View` type is not intended to be 
used directly. It exists as a base view for other view types
to be extended from, and to provide a common location for
behaviors that are shared across all views.

## Documentation Index

* [Binding To View Events](#binding-to-view-events)
* [View close](#view-close)
* [View onBeforeClose](#view-onbeforeclose)
* [View "dom:refresh" / onDomRefresh event](#view-domrefresh--ondomrefresh-event)
* [View.triggers](#viewtriggers)
* [View.modelEvents and View.collectionEvents](#viewmodelevents-and-viewcollectionevents)
* [View.serializeData](#viewserializedata)
* [View.bindUIElements](#viewbinduielements)
* [View.templateHelpers](#viewtemplatehelpers)
  * [Basic Example](#basic-example)
  * [Accessing Data Within The Helpers](#accessing-data-within-the-helpers)
  * [Object Or Function As `templateHelpers`](#object-or-function-as-templatehelpers)
* [Change Which Template Is Rendered For A View](#change-which-template-is-rendered-for-a-view)

## Binding To View Events

Marionette.View extends `Marionette.BindTo`. It is recommended that you use
the `listenTo` method to bind model, collection, or other events from Backbone
and Marionette objects.

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  initialize: function(){
    this.listenTo(this.model, "change:foo", this.modelChanged);
    this.listenTo(this.collection, "add", this.modelAdded);
  },

  modelChanged: function(model, value){
  },

  modelAdded: function(model){
  }
});
```

The context (`this`) will automatically be set to the view. You can
optionally set the context by passing in the context object as the
4th parameter of `listenTo`.

## View close

View implements a `close` method, which is called by the region
managers automatically. As part of the implementation, the following
are performed:

* unbind all `listenTo` events
* unbind all custom view events
* unbind all DOM events
* remove `this.el` from the DOM
* call an `onBeforeClose` event on the view, if one is provided
* call an `onClose` event on the view, if one is provided

By providing an `onClose` event in your view definition, you can
run custom code for your view that is fired after your view has been
closed and cleaned up. This lets you handle any additional clean up
code without having to override the `close` method.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  onClose: function(){
    // custom cleanup or closing code, here
  }
});
```

## View onBeforeClose

When closing a view, an `onBeforeClose` method will be called, if it
has been provided. If this method returns `false`, the view will not
be closed. Any other return value (including null or undefined) will
allow the view to be closed.

```js
MyView = Marionette.View.extend({

  onBeforeClose: function(){
    // prevent the view from being closed
    return false;
  }

});

var v = new MyView();

v.close(); // view will remain open
```

### View "dom:refresh" / onDomRefresh event

Triggered after the view has been rendered, has been shown in the DOM via a Marionette.Region, and has been
re-rendered.

This event / callback is useful for 
[DOM-dependent UI plugins](http://lostechies.com/derickbailey/2012/02/20/using-jquery-plugins-and-ui-controls-with-backbone/) such as 
[jQueryUI](http://jqueryui.com/) or [KendoUI](http://kendoui.com).

```js
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  onDomRefresh: function(){
    // manipulate the `el` here. it's already
    // been rendered, and is full of the view's
    // HTML, ready to go.
  }
});
```

For more information about integration Marionette w/ KendoUI (also applicable to jQueryUI and other UI
widget suites), see [this blog post on KendoUI + Backbone](http://www.kendoui.com/blogs/teamblog/posts/12-11-26/backbone_and_kendo_ui_a_beautiful_combination.aspx).

## View.triggers

Views can define a set of `triggers` as a hash, which will 
convert a DOM event in to a `view.trigger` event.

The left side of the hash is a standard Backbone.View DOM
event configuration, while the right side of the hash is the
view event that you want to trigger from the view.

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  // ...

  triggers: {
    "click .do-something": "something:do:it"
  }
});

view = new MyView();
view.render();

view.on("something:do:it", function(){
  alert("I DID IT!");
});

// "click" the 'do-something' DOM element to 
// demonstrate the DOM event conversion
view.$(".do-something").trigger("click");
```

The result of this is an alert box that says, "I DID IT!"

You can also specify the `triggers` as a function that 
returns a hash of trigger configurations

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({
  triggers: function(){
    return {
      "click .that-thing": "that:i:sent:you"
    };
  }
});
```

Triggers work with all View types that extend from the base
Marionette.View.

## View.modelEvents and View.collectionEvents

Similar to the `events` hash, views can specify a configuration
hash for collections and models. The left side is the event on
the model or collection, and the right side is the name of the
method on the view.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: {
    "change:name": "nameChanged" // equivalent to view.listenTo(view.model, "change:name", view.nameChanged, view)
  },

  collectionEvents: {
    "add": "itemAdded" // equivalent to view.listenTo(view.collection, "add", collection.itemAdded, view)
  },

  // ... event handler methods
  nameChanged: function(){ /* ... */ },
  itemAdded: function(){ /* ... */ },

})
```

These will use the memory safe `listenTo`, and will set the context
(the value of `this`) in the handler to be the view. Events are
bound at the time of instantiation instanciation, and an exception will be thrown
if the handlers on the view do not exist.

The `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents` will be bound and
unbound with the Backbone.View `delegateEvents` and `undelegateEvents`
method calls. This allows the view to be re-used and have
the model and collection events re-bound.

### Multiple Callbacks

Multiple callback functions can be specified by separating them with a
space. 

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: {
    "change:name": "nameChanged thatThing"
  },

  nameChanged: function(){ },

  thatThing: function(){ },
});
```

This works in both `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents`.

### Callbacks As Function

A single function can be declared directly in-line instead of specifying a
callback via a string method name.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: {
    "change:name": function(){
      // handle the name changed event here
    }
  }

});
```

This works for both `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents`.

### Event Configuration As Function

A function can be used to declare the event configuration, as long as
that function returns a hash that fits the above configuration options.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.CompositeView.extend({

  modelEvents: function(){
    return { "change:name": "someFunc" };
  }

});
```

This works for both `modelEvents` and `collectionEvents`.

## View.serializeData

The `serializeData` method will serialize a view's model or
collection - with precedence given to collections. That is,
if you have both a collection and a model in a view, calling
the `serializeData` method will return the serialized
collection.

## View.bindUIElements

In several cases you need to access ui elements inside the view
to retrieve their data or manipulate them. For example you have a
certain div element you need to show/hide based on some state,
or other ui element that you wish to set a css class to it.
Instead of having jQuery selectors hanging around in the view's code
you can define a `ui` hash that contains a mapping between the
ui element's name and its jQuery selector. Afterwards you can simply
access it via `this.ui.elementName`.
See ItemView documentation for examples.

This functionality is provided via the `bindUIElements` method.
Since View doesn't implement the render method, then if you directly extend
from View you will need to invoke this method from your render method.
In ItemView and CompositeView this is already taken care of.

## View.templateHelpers

There are times when a view's template needs to have some
logic in it, and the view engine itself will not provide an
easy way to accomplish this. For example, Underscore templates
do not provide a helper method mechanism while Handlebars
templates do.

A `templateHelpers` attribute can be applied to any View object that
renders a template. When this attribute is present, it's contents 
will be mixed in to the data object that comes back from the 
`serializeData` method. This will allow you to create helper methods 
that can be called from within your templates.

### Basic Example

```html
<script id="my-template" type="text/html">
  I think that <%= showMessage() %>
</script>
```

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  template: "#my-template",

  templateHelpers: {
    showMessage: function(){
      return this.name + " is the coolest!"
    }
  }

});

model = new Backbone.Model({name: "Backbone.Marionette"});
view = new MyView({
  model: model
});

view.render(); //=> "I think that Backbone.Marionette is the coolest!";
```

### Accessing Data Within The Helpers

In order to access data from within the helper methods, you
need to prefix the data you need with `this`. Doing that will
give you all of the methods and attributes of the serialized
data object, including the other helper methods.

```js
templateHelpers: {
  something: function(){
    return "Do stuff with " + this.name + " because it's awesome.";
  }
}
```

### Object Or Function As `templateHelpers`

You can specify an object literal (as shown above), a reference
to an object literal, or a function as the `templateHelpers`. 

If you specify a function, the function will be invoked 
with the current view instance as the context of the 
function. The function must return an object that can be
mixed in to the data for the view.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  templateHelpers: function(){
    return {
      foo: function(){ /* ... */ }
    }
  }
});
```

## Change Which Template Is Rendered For A View

There may be some cases where you need to change the template that is
used for a view, based on some simple logic such as the value of a
specific attribute in the view's model. To do this, you can provide
a `getTemplate` function on your views and use this to return the
template that you need.

```js
MyView = Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  getTemplate: function(){
    if (this.model.get("foo")){
      return "#some-template";
    } else {
      return "#a-different-template";
    }
  }
});
```

This applies to all view types.
