docs/marionette.object.md, before:

## [View the new docs](http://marionettejs.com/docs/marionette.object.html)

# Marionette.Object

A base class which other classes can extend from.
Object incorporates many backbone conventions and utilities
like `initialize` and `Backbone.Events`.

## Documentation Index

* [initialize](#initialize)
* [events](#events)
* [Destroying An Object](#destroying-a-object)
* [mergeOptions](#mergeoptions)
* [getOption](#getoption)
* [bindEntityEvents](#bindentityevents)
* [Basic Use](#basic-use)


### Initialize
Initialize is called immediately after the Object has been instantiated,
and is invoked with the same arguments that the constructor received.


```js
var Friend = Marionette.Object.extend({
  initialize: function(options){
    console.log(options.name);
  }
});

new Friend({name: 'John'});
```


### Events
`Marionette.Object` extends `Backbone.Events` and includes `triggerMethod`.
This makes it easy for Objects to emit events that other objects can listen for
with `on` or `listenTo`.

```js
var Friend = Marionette.Object.extend({
  graduate: function() {
    this.triggerMethod('announce', 'I graduated!!!');
  }
});

var john = new Friend({name: 'John'});

john.on('announce', function(message) {
  console.log(message); // I graduated!!!
})

john.graduate();
```

## mergeOptions

Merge keys from the `options` object directly onto the instance. This is the preferred way to access options
passed into the Object.

More information at [mergeOptions](./marionette.functions.md#marionettemergeoptions)

### getOption
Retrieve an object's attribute either directly from the object, or from the object's this.options, with this.options taking precedence.

More information [getOption](./marionette.functions.md#marionettegetoption).

### bindEntityEvents
Helps bind a backbone "entity" to methods on a target object. More information [bindEntityEvents](./marionette.functions.md#marionettebindentityevents).

### Destroying A Object

Objects have a `destroy` method that unbind the events that are directly attached to the
instance.

Invoking the `destroy` method will trigger a "before:destroy" event and corresponding
`onBeforeDestroy` method call. These calls will be passed any arguments `destroy`
was invoked with.

```js
// define a object with an onDestroy method
var MyObject = Marionette.Object.extend({

  onBeforeDestroy: function(arg1, arg2){
    // put custom code here, to destroy this object
  }

});

// create a new object instance
var obj = new MyObject();

// add some event handlers
obj.on("before:destroy", function(arg1, arg2){ ... });
obj.listenTo(something, "bar", function(){...});

// destroy the object: unbind all of the
// event handlers, trigger the "destroy" event and
// call the onDestroy method
obj.destroy(arg1, arg2);
```


### Basic Use

Selections is a simple Object that manages a selection of things.
Because Selections extends from Object, it gets `initialize` and `Events`
for free.

```js
var Selections = Marionette.Object.extend({

  initialize: function(options){
    this.selections = {};
  },

  select: function(key, item){
    this.triggerMethod("select", key, item);
    this.selections[key] = item;
  },

  deselect: function(key, item) {
    this.triggerMethod("deselect", key, item);
    delete this.selections[key];
  }

});

var selections = new Selections({
  filters: Filters
});

// use the built in EventBinder
selections.listenTo(selections, "select", function(key, item){
  console.log(item);
});

selections.select('toy', Truck);
```

Commit message:

return this for destroy for consistency

docs/marionette.object.md, after:

## [View the new docs](http://marionettejs.com/docs/marionette.object.html)

# Marionette.Object

A base class which other classes can extend from.
Object incorporates many backbone conventions and utilities
like `initialize` and `Backbone.Events`.

## Documentation Index

* [initialize](#initialize)
* [events](#events)
* [Destroying An Object](#destroying-a-object)
* [mergeOptions](#mergeoptions)
* [getOption](#getoption)
* [bindEntityEvents](#bindentityevents)
* [Basic Use](#basic-use)


### Initialize
Initialize is called immediately after the Object has been instantiated,
and is invoked with the same arguments that the constructor received.


```js
var Friend = Marionette.Object.extend({
  initialize: function(options){
    console.log(options.name);
  }
});

new Friend({name: 'John'});
```


### Events
`Marionette.Object` extends `Backbone.Events` and includes `triggerMethod`.
This makes it easy for Objects to emit events that other objects can listen for
with `on` or `listenTo`.

```js
var Friend = Marionette.Object.extend({
  graduate: function() {
    this.triggerMethod('announce', 'I graduated!!!');
  }
});

var john = new Friend({name: 'John'});

john.on('announce', function(message) {
  console.log(message); // I graduated!!!
})

john.graduate();
```

## mergeOptions

Merge keys from the `options` object directly onto the instance. This is the preferred way to access options
passed into the Object.

More information at [mergeOptions](./marionette.functions.md#marionettemergeoptions)

### getOption
Retrieve an object's attribute either directly from the object, or from the object's this.options, with this.options taking precedence.

More information [getOption](./marionette.functions.md#marionettegetoption).

### bindEntityEvents
Helps bind a backbone "entity" to methods on a target object. More information [bindEntityEvents](./marionette.functions.md#marionettebindentityevents).

### Destroying A Object

Objects have a `destroy` method that unbind the events that are directly attached to the
instance.

Invoking the `destroy` method will trigger a "before:destroy" event and corresponding
`onBeforeDestroy` method call. These calls will be passed any arguments `destroy`
was invoked with. Invoking `destroy` will return the object, this can be useful for chaining.

```js
// define a object with an onDestroy method
var MyObject = Marionette.Object.extend({

  onBeforeDestroy: function(arg1, arg2){
    // put custom code here, to destroy this object
  }

});

// create a new object instance
var obj = new MyObject();

// add some event handlers
obj.on("before:destroy", function(arg1, arg2){ ... });
obj.listenTo(something, "bar", function(){...});

// destroy the object: unbind all of the
// event handlers, trigger the "destroy" event and
// call the onDestroy method
obj.destroy(arg1, arg2);
```


### Basic Use

Selections is a simple Object that manages a selection of things.
Because Selections extends from Object, it gets `initialize` and `Events`
for free.

```js
var Selections = Marionette.Object.extend({

  initialize: function(options){
    this.selections = {};
  },

  select: function(key, item){
    this.triggerMethod("select", key, item);
    this.selections[key] = item;
  },

  deselect: function(key, item) {
    this.triggerMethod("deselect", key, item);
    delete this.selections[key];
  }

});

var selections = new Selections({
  filters: Filters
});

// use the built in EventBinder
selections.listenTo(selections, "select", function(key, item){
  console.log(item);
});

selections.select('toy', Truck);
```
