docs/marionette.renderer.md, before:

# Marionette.Renderer

The `Renderer` object was extracted from the `ItemView` rendering
process, in order to create a consistent and re-usable method of
rendering a template with or without data.

## Basic Usage

The basic usage of the `Renderer` is to call the `render` method.
This method returns a string containing the result of applying the 
template using the `data` object as the context.

```js
var template = "#some-template";
var data = {foo: "bar"};
var html = Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render(template, data);

// do something with the HTML here
```

## Custom Template Selection And Rendering

By default, the renderer will take a jQuery selector object as
the first parameter, and a JSON data object as the optional
second parameter. It then uses the `TemplateCache` to load the
template by the specified selector, and renders the template with
the data provided (if any) using Underscore.js templates.

If you wish to override the way the template is loaded, see
the `TemplateCache` object. 

If you wish to override the template engine used, change the 
`render` method to work however you want:

```js
Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render = function(template, data){
  return $(template).tmpl(data);
});
```

This implementation will replace the default Underscore.js 
rendering with jQuery templates rendering.

If you override the `render` method and wish to use the 
`TemplateCache` mechanism, remember to include the code necessary to 
fetch the template from the cache in your `render` method:

```js
Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render = function(template, data){
  var template = Marionette.TemplateCache.get(template);
  // Do something with the template here
};
```

## Using Pre-compiled Templates

You can easily replace the standard template rendering functionality
with a pre-compiled template, such as those provided by the JST or TPL
plugins for AMD/RequireJS. 

To do this, just override the `render` method to return your executed 
template with the data.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render = function(template, data){
  return template(data);
});
```

Then you can specify the pre-compiled template function as your view's
`template` attribute:

```js
var myPrecompiledTemplate = _.template("<div>some template</div>");

Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  template: myPrecompiledTemplate
});
```

Commit message:

release notes and docs about pre-compiled template functions

docs/marionette.renderer.md, after:

# Marionette.Renderer

The `Renderer` object was extracted from the `ItemView` rendering
process, in order to create a consistent and re-usable method of
rendering a template with or without data.

## Basic Usage

The basic usage of the `Renderer` is to call the `render` method.
This method returns a string containing the result of applying the 
template using the `data` object as the context.

```js
var template = "#some-template";
var data = {foo: "bar"};
var html = Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render(template, data);

// do something with the HTML here
```

## Pre-compiled Templates

If the `template` parameter of the `render` function is itself a function,
the renderer treats this as a pre-compiled template and does not try to
compile it again. This allows any view that supports a `template` parameter
to specify a pre-compiled template function as the `template` setting.

```js
var myTemplate = _.template("<div>foo</div>");
Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  template: myTemplate
});
```

The template function does not have to be any specific template engine. It
only needs to be a function that returns valid HTML as a string from the
`data` parameter passed to the function.

## Custom Template Selection And Rendering

By default, the renderer will take a jQuery selector object as
the first parameter, and a JSON data object as the optional
second parameter. It then uses the `TemplateCache` to load the
template by the specified selector, and renders the template with
the data provided (if any) using Underscore.js templates.

If you wish to override the way the template is loaded, see
the `TemplateCache` object. 

If you wish to override the template engine used, change the 
`render` method to work however you want:

```js
Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render = function(template, data){
  return $(template).tmpl(data);
});
```

This implementation will replace the default Underscore.js 
rendering with jQuery templates rendering.

If you override the `render` method and wish to use the 
`TemplateCache` mechanism, remember to include the code necessary to 
fetch the template from the cache in your `render` method:

```js
Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render = function(template, data){
  var template = Marionette.TemplateCache.get(template);
  // Do something with the template here
};
```

## Using Pre-compiled Templates

You can easily replace the standard template rendering functionality
with a pre-compiled template, such as those provided by the JST or TPL
plugins for AMD/RequireJS. 

To do this, just override the `render` method to return your executed 
template with the data.

```js
Backbone.Marionette.Renderer.render = function(template, data){
  return template(data);
});
```

Then you can specify the pre-compiled template function as your view's
`template` attribute:

```js
var myPrecompiledTemplate = _.template("<div>some template</div>");

Backbone.Marionette.ItemView.extend({
  template: myPrecompiledTemplate
});
```
